! Stylefile for blackbox
! Automagically generated by bbstylemaker

! -- info --
style.name:                         case
style.author:                       maximhuz
style.date:                         24 07 06
style.credits:                      none
style.comments:                     maximhuz.com

! -- background --
!rootCommand:

! -- FONT -- 
menu.title.font:                    blank
menu.title.fontHeight:              1
menu.title.justify:                 center
menu.frame.font:                    Arial
menu.frame.fontHeight:             	14
menu.frame.justify:                 left
toolbar.font:                       Arial
toolbar.fontHeight:                 14
toolbar.justify:                    center
window.font:                        Arial
window.fontHeight:                  14
window.justify:                     center

! -- menu --
menu.title.appearance:				parentrelative
menu.title.color:                   #787878
menu.title.textColor:               #f5f5f5
menu.title.marginWidth:				-1

menu.frame:                         flat solid
menu.frame.color:                   #f5f5f5
menu.frame.textColor:               #787878

menu.hilite:                        flat solid
menu.hilite.color:                  #empty
menu.hilite.textColor:              #empty

menu.bullet:                        empty
menu.bullet.position:               right

! -- toolbar --
toolbar:                            flat solid
toolbar.color:                      #f5f5f5
toolbar.borderWidth: 				1
toolbar.borderColor: 				#787878
toolbar.textColor:                  #787878

toolbar.label:                      parentrelative
toolbar.label.textColor:            #787878

toolbar.windowLabel:                flat solid
toolbar.windowLabel.color:          #f5f5f5
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:      #787878

toolbar.workspace: 					flat solid

toolbar.clock:                      parentrelative
toolbar.clock.justify: 				center
toolbar.clock.textColor:            #787878

toolbar.button:                     flat solid
toolbar.button.color:               #f5f5f5
toolbar.button.picColor:            #787878

toolbar.button.pressed:             parentrelative
toolbar.button.pressed.picColor:    #d3d3d3


! -- window --
window.title.focus:                 flat solid
window.title.focus.color:           #f5f5f5
!window.title.marginWidth:			0

window.label.focus:                 parentrelative
window.label.focus.textColor:       #787878

window.handle.focus:                flat solid
window.handle.focus.color:          #f5f5f5

window.grip.focus:                  parentrelative
window.grip.color:                  #f5f5f5

window.button.focus:                flat solid
window.button.focus.color:          #f5f5f5
window.button.focus.picColor:       #787878

window.button.pressed:              flat solid
window.button.pressed.color:        #787878
window.button.pressed.picColor:     #d3d3d3

window.title.unfocus:               flat solid
window.title.unfocus.color:         #f5f5f5

window.label.unfocus:               parentrelative
window.label.unfocus.textColor:     #787878

window.handle.unfocus:              flat solid
window.handle.unfocus.color:        #f5f5f5

window.grip.unfocus:                parentrelative

window.button.unfocus:              parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.picColor:     #f5f5f5


! -- misc. --
borderColor:                        #f5f5f5
borderWidth:                        2
bevelWidth:                         0
frameWidth:                         0
handleWidth:                        0

